Enable releasing on NPM (#77)
dodona-edu/papyros: README.md

# Papyros

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dodona/papyros">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@dodona/papyros.svg" alt="Version of the npm package">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dodona-edu/papyros/actions?query=branch%3Amain">
    <img src="https://github.com/dodona-edu/papyros/actions/workflows/deploy-pages.yaml/badge.svg" alt="GitHub checks status">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dodona-edu/papyros/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="Source code license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/dodona-edu/papyros">
  </a>
</p>

> Papyros is a programming scratchpad in the browser. It allows running arbitrary
> in various programming languages directly in your browser, no installation required.
> By taking away obstacles between students and coding, the learning experience becomes
> smoother and less error-prone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Papyros is a programming scratchpad in the browser. It allows running code
directly in your browser, no installation required. Right now, the focus in on providing a great experience for Python, while also supporting JavaScript.
By taking away obstacles between students and coding, the learning experience becomes
smoother and less error-prone. 
```

Papyros aims to be:

- **Easy to use** by having minimal installation instructions and an intuitive user interface

> - **Flexible** to support many programming languages

Reviewer: I would leave this out. Since we only support 2 languages, the "many" is not really correct. The installation instructions from the first point is also invalid since you don't have to install a thing.

Currently, Papyros provides support for the following programming languages:
- Python, powered by [Pyodide](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/)
- JavaScript, powered by your browser

## Installation

You can install Papyros on your system using npm:
```shell
npm install -g @dodona/papyros

> ```

Reviewer: This should be replace by the use it online section. The "installation" section should be moved to the next "usage" section which should be renamed to "Using Papyros in your own project" or something like that.
